README.md, before:

EventJuggler
============


Prerequisites
=============

- Java Development Kit 1.6
- Recent Git client
- Recent Maven 3
- JBoss AS 7.1.1.Final


Deploying to JBoss AS
=====================

The default configuration is to deploy everything in one ear. There's also a profile (standalone)
that makes it possible to deploy individul parts of the system as wars. The standalone profile
changes the configuration of which modules are deployed, and also includes services (ejb) into the
wars that require it.


Deploy everything in one ear (server)
-------------------------------------

mvn clean jboss-as:deploy


Deploy everything as separate wars
----------------------------------

mvn -Pstandalone clean jboss-as:deploy


Deploy individual parts
-----------------------

rest:
mvn -Pstandalone -f rest/pom.xml clean jboss-as:deploy

scaffold:
mvn -Pstandalone -f scaffold/pom.xml clean jboss-as:deploy

web-js:
mvn -Pstandalone -f web-js/pom.xml clean jboss-as:deploy

web-jsf:
mvn -Pstandalone -f web-jsf/pom.xml clean jboss-as:deploy


Import Data
===========

There is a data import and export service available. This uses DBUnit to import and export the 
database to XML. Some initial data is available in "initial-data.xml".


Import data from XML (using DBUnit)
-----------------------------------

curl -H "Content-Type: application/xml" -X POST -d @initial-data.xml http://localhost:8080/eventjuggler-rest/data


Export data to XML (using DBUnit)
---------------------------------

curl http://localhost:8080/eventjuggler-rest/data > export.xml


Clear database
--------------

curl http://localhost:8080/eventjuggler-rest/data/clear


Import data from Meetup
-----------------------

Until we have some sample data of our own it is possible to import data from Meetup. Before doing
this you have to sign-up to Meetup and get an api key from http://www.meetup.com/meetup_api/key/. 
You'll also need the id of the category of events you want to import (34 is tech), the list of
categories can be retrieved from http://api.meetup.com/2/categories?key=<api key>. After importing
an array containing the title of the imported events is returned. 

curl 'http://localhost:8080/eventjuggler-rest/data/meetup&key=<api key>&category=<category>&page=<number of events>'

Commit message:

Added instructions for running functional tests to README

README.md, after:

EventJuggler
============


Prerequisites
=============

- Java Development Kit 1.6
- Recent Git client
- Recent Maven 3
- JBoss AS 7.1.1.Final


Deploying to JBoss AS
=====================

The default configuration is to deploy everything in one ear. There's also a profile (standalone)
that makes it possible to deploy individul parts of the system as wars. The standalone profile
changes the configuration of which modules are deployed, and also includes services (ejb) into the
wars that require it.


Deploy everything in one ear (server)
-------------------------------------

mvn clean jboss-as:deploy


Deploy everything as separate wars
----------------------------------

mvn -Pstandalone clean jboss-as:deploy


Deploy individual parts
-----------------------

rest:
mvn -Pstandalone -f rest/pom.xml clean jboss-as:deploy

scaffold:
mvn -Pstandalone -f scaffold/pom.xml clean jboss-as:deploy

web-js:
mvn -Pstandalone -f web-js/pom.xml clean jboss-as:deploy

web-jsf:
mvn -Pstandalone -f web-jsf/pom.xml clean jboss-as:deploy


Import Data
===========

There is a data import and export service available. This uses DBUnit to import and export the 
database to XML. Some initial data is available in "initial-data.xml".


Import data from XML (using DBUnit)
-----------------------------------

curl -H "Content-Type: application/xml" -X POST -d @initial-data.xml http://localhost:8080/eventjuggler-rest/data


Export data to XML (using DBUnit)
---------------------------------

curl http://localhost:8080/eventjuggler-rest/data > export.xml


Clear database
--------------

curl http://localhost:8080/eventjuggler-rest/data/clear


Import data from Meetup
-----------------------

Until we have some sample data of our own it is possible to import data from Meetup. Before doing
this you have to sign-up to Meetup and get an api key from http://www.meetup.com/meetup_api/key/. 
You'll also need the id of the category of events you want to import (34 is tech), the list of
categories can be retrieved from http://api.meetup.com/2/categories?key=<api key>. After importing
an array containing the titles of the imported events is returned. 

curl 'http://localhost:8080/eventjuggler-rest/data/meetup&key=<api key>&category=<category>&page=<number of events>'


Functional Tests
================

There are some functional tests that runs Arquillian. These tests require JBoss AS to run and are not 
executed by default.

To run the tests with a managed JBoss AS, use the following command:

export JBOSS_HOME=<JBOSS HOME>
mvn -Parq-jbossas-managed test

To run with a remote JBoss AS, start JBoss AS before running the tests, and use this command: 

mvn -Parq-jbossas-remote test
